so recently I've been doing a lot of
pest control on old school runescape now
if you don't know what piss control is
just sit back tight relax and I'll I'll
explain everything about pest control
but first let me go to the actual pest
control island now let me tell you let
me show you where this is let's open the
warden map and let's zoom in here so you
want to go is that even the right place
would be even though you know down here
so you wanna go to Port Sarim which is a
fairly close to lumbridge so you can use
you use your home teleport just run away
all the way over here ports down and
there's so it's a free travel thing and
then anyways once you get here there's a
you'll see a few shops it's actually
really useful and I'll explain why in a
second but I'm first before I do
anything I actually have enough points
to get my first piece of equipment now
chorusing f what equipment you not
explain this well enough so in pest
control you get points you gay yet
there's three tiers low medium and high
I would assume and your different points
for each one is that you have to have a
sudden combat level to entity each one
and eventually you won't you get enough
points you can get these equipments here
and you can also get her pecks or seed
packs or mineral packs GFF certain
levels obviously I'm the right level
farming oil herb Lord to get that then
you also exchange it for experience for
certain levels which I wouldn't
recommend doing because it's a lot of
points with such a little XP and the
equipment is rather good but and so the
first piece of equipment I'm gonna I'm
gonna get will be the void night robes
so let's get that okay finally this take
it just took me quite a while to do
there we go I can equip it now and I
look absolutely ridiculous anyway let's
go to the let's go to exchange points
against and go to 0 call it looks so bad
now setting zero points void equipment
is very very good and is mainly used for
the range equipments not many people use
the the the mage or the melee equipment
is it mainly useful Ranger and that's
why that's where you'll probably see it
the most
anyway so here's one of the first boats
you can go on this is the low tier boat
and neck next up here we have the medium
level boat which I could actually do so
I might actually go and join that now
and now before you Mon I'm still using
my rune skinny and my adamant shield
because I haven't been bothered to
actually work on getting some dragon
because you have to do some really hard
quests what you just haven't done yet so
um I can actually do on this boat
because just you have to be level 70 to
join the medium boat which I am so I'm
probably gonna get owned and there's a
lot of high levels here as you can see I
probably probably called a noob at some
point but that's okay so what you do is
that you attack you get the pod on this
boat and you go surf to it an island now
when you get when you get to this island
you come you come across a full portals
okay and then there's one void night in
the middle so basically we have to do is
to destroy all four portals and at the
same time defend the void night in the
middle so here's the way night in the
middle let me let me just quickly show
you here is you've got to defend him and
the same time go take out all the
portals but you can't defeat the puddles
for a set amount of time and of course
portals they spawn lots of enemies as
you can see so this actually the first
time I've been doing the medium boats I
usually just just do the the low level
tier boat because it tends to be a
little bit quicker but for this video I
will do the medium boat for you so on my
main account I actually do have the full
void set and it took me ages
it took me ages to get the full
void set but um it's worth it in the end
it's worth it and at the same time now
let me just let me tell you why this is
worth doing because at the end of every
single game you get money you get about
six hundred coins for the low level boat
I've no idea how much you get for the
the medium boat plumb Shores I'm sure
it's a little bit more plus you get more
points in the medium boat on the low
level boats you get two points per round
if you win and also if you see this
little sword thing here if that's in the
green that means you're going to get a
reward if that's that's red that means
you're not going to get a reward there
because that means you have not done
enough damage to earn a reward so yeah
keep that in mind also this one here is
the void Knights health in the middle if
that guy dies you lose and you get sent
back home now if you die in this it
doesn't matter you don't
any equipment all your health and prior
and stuff gets put up to max after you
die it's great so it's a great way to
just mess around you know you doesn't
know if you die or not it's and also
because you get money you can go and buy
more runes more arrows from the shops
like I should you back there so it's
really good to just you know train your
melee or your range or your they
actually don't sell arrows but they do
so arrowheads and javelins for some
reason but um anyway but it's it's very
good for range because um I'm in major
just had arranged twice it's good for
it's good for major because you can just
buy runes you can basically buy the
amount of rings you need from the rule
the rewards you get from a certain
mission which is great I just roasted
half my sound on do I let me just put
that on put some music on this beautiful
music anyway let's put some I'm as well
use my prayer and put my strength up I
am gonna work on getting my prayer up
because I need it I need the first quest
Ashley you need it for a lot of quests
but I'm anyway so at the moment I've got
159 damaged so I'm definitely going to
get a reward if we win this week it
looks like which it looks like we will
to be honest so there we go I'm actually
about to die there we go because a lot
of these are very high levels you know
normally and that was Sony wouldn't
rejoin this that's just the that's just
the minimum level you need see ya I'm
also you don't want to open that gate
well actually it's already open I'll go
over here but normally you don't you
want to keep these gates closed because
all these guys will just pour in and
they'll attack the poor little void
night in the middle which by the way
basically his job is just to unlock the
portals so you can actually attack them
because at first you can't actually take
him out so yeah anyway and also let's
talk about the mods with the creatures
or the monsters that's spawned from
these things so there's let's see what
we've got here so we got certain these
two filers you got the ravages the
ravages that break barricades and stuff
and I just like a normal Mele things
you've got these splatters which is just
exploding they do a lot of damage but
the main ones you wanna look out for are
spinners let's you've got any spinners
here we might have some spinners
spinners healed the portals and unless
you've got about maybe a hundred people
were taken it you're not going to be
you're not going to take it out and
you take out the spinner first also if
you do manage to take up the portal
while the spin is still alive the
spinner will then explode and then
everyone will get poisoned that's just a
little thing here and the other you had
the too little range things as well so I
what free void night points instead of
two and we go as a pop-up thing there
and I got 700 instead of 600 so it's a
little bit more money as well which is
pretty decent as well some probably undo
this again because why not see guys a
pest control is very awesome
I might have to mention it is also
members so if you're not a member you
won't be able to do you won't have to do
this else or so um yeah it's a lot of
fun it's a good way to get get your XP
up as well as get good money and at the
same time work up to get good equipment
that's what you're saving up for you can
use it for XP you'll get the the her
packs or whatever whenever your fancy
purse Oh arm guys I hope you enjoy this
video not probably not the best best way
to describe a pest-control but um
it's pretty basic it's a it's one of the
really cool minigames in runescape and
it's definitely one of my favorites I
enjoyed it all those years ago on my
main account and I'm enjoying it on this
account as well so um alright guys I'll
see you guys in a next runescape video
hope you enjoy the video make sure to
drop a like in the comments if you did
enjoy it it definitely helps me
it definitely changed me that you guys
want to see more of this so I guess I'll
see you guys next time
thanks for watching
you